Example 1
Read the following passage.
Can you imagine a world without Smartphones? Wikipedia? Bluetooth? All of those things didn't exist when your parents were young. Go back to your grandparents' time or their grandparents, and they would be stunned at the idea of being able to talk to and see someone on the other side of the world in real time or visit them within 24 hours. The fact is, that the world is changing faster than ever before. If we could travel back in time to Independence, we'd find life was very different and very hard. Yet someone from 1776 wouldn't have found life in Shakespeare's time so very different, and someone from that period would have recognized most things in the Roman world. If we look forward instead of backward, progress is accelerating. To develop as much as we have in the last twenty years, will take only seven years. Ray Kurzweil, an American inventor, calls this the Law of Accelerating Returns. He says that in the current century, we will progress 1,000 times faster than in the previous one. It's possible, because each generation has more information available, so it can learn more, and advance further-faster-than any previous one. The lesson? Don't be put off if someone says "it's impossible." It's only impossible by yesterday's standards, and they are already out of date.
1. What is the main idea of this passage?
A. We are lucky to live in this time period.
B. We have more technology than in the past.
C. The pace of change is increasing.
D. Anything is possible.

Example 2
Read the paragraph.

     Peanuts may cause allergic reactions such as itchiness, sneezing, and asthma. The allergy to peanuts causes the immune system to overreact, which is the body’s method of self-defense against potential harm. It is recognized as one of the most severe food allergies because of how common, persistent, and severe the reaction to it can be.

This passage is mainly about

A. itchiness,sneezing and asthma
B. how the body reacts to severe allergies
C. peanut allergies
D. why peanut allergies are worse than any other food allergies

Example 3
Read the passage.

Sea otters are mammals from the weasel family. Their thick, dense fur, the densest fur in the animal kingdom, repels water; they have webbed feet, and their ears close when they are in the water. They sleep floating on their backs using kelp to keep them from drifting.

They are social animals, as they like to be with other sea otters, living together in groups. It looks like they are "holding hands" when they are floating because they stay near each other all the time. In Alaska, sea otters can live in a group with over 2,000 other otters.
Which of the following might be a conclusion from the text?
A. Sea otters are friendly to people and other animals
B. Sea otters live all over the world
C. Sea otters spend a lot of time in water
D. Sea otters live alone. 