Example 1
Read the passage.

Ferdinand was sitting in the dark castle, looking outside the small window. The view, which might have been beautiful to a stranger, only depressed him. Everywhere he looked, he could only see trees and a big river. There were no birds, no houses, not a soul in sight. The castle, too, was abandoned and so silent that Ferdinand could hear his own breaths, slow and hollow. Ferdinand sighed as the sky darkened; clouds were gathering, and the air was filled with the smell of rain, which did nothing to comfort his forlorn and desperate soul. A storm began suddenly, and his vision was blurred in the heavy sheets of rain. Ferdinand cried, but there was no one to hear him.

What is the theme of the passage?
A. Nature can cheer you up
B. Looking someone in a castle is wrong.
C. Darkness takes over.
D. Loneliness is difficult.

Example 2
Landon had a very important math test. He usually got decent grades in this subject; however, in the last few months it was getting more and more difficult, and this upcoming test was scary. He sat down every night and tried to understand what the teacher had done in class, but it was getting more complicated and he started to realize that he wouldn't be able to solve the problem on his own.

Three days before the test, Landon went to the playground after school to watch his little sister and saw his friend Robin. Robin was a student at another school in town, and they had met at summer camp. Robin came over to talk to Landon and asked why he was looking so glum. Landon told him about his fear of the upcoming math test.

"Not to worry," said Robin. "Let's go to your house, and I'll teach you. We had a test about these things last week and I got an A."

"But do you have the time?" Landon asked. "I need a lot of help, and the test is in three days."

"Don't worry about it," said Robin. Landon called his little sister over and they all went home together. Landon and Robin went up to Landon's room, and Robin took a sheet of paper and explained the material to Landon.

There was a lot of material to go over and Landon didn't understand everything right away. But Robin proved himself to be a marvelous teacher. When he went to bed that night, Landon felt more confident about the test. He knew it was all thanks to Robin and felt very grateful.

The next day, Landon was surprised to find Robin at his doorstep after school. "I came because we didn't finish yesterday," Robin explained. He came in and they kept working, and he returned the next day as well. They covered all the material for the test together, and when Landon sat down in class on the day of the test, he knew he was ready and felt more relaxed than he had all week.

What is the main idea of the story?
A. Landon does not like math.
B. Landon gets help from an unexpected source.
C. Robin comes to a decision
D. Robin sacrifices his only free time to help Landon